USF-1670: Dropins Localization (#95)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/all/enriching.mdx

---

import Aside from '@components/Aside.astro';
import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import Tasks from '@components/Tasks.astro';
import Task from '@components/Task.astro';

> Enriching dropin-in components is similar to adding content with slots. The difference is in scale. Enrichment is an Edge Delivery feature that provides a way to add content to entire product categories. Let's try it out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enriching drop-in components is similar to adding content with slots. The difference is in scale. Enrichment is an Edge Delivery Services feature that provides a way to add content to entire product categories. Let's try it out.
```

## Step-by-step

The following steps show you how to enrich the content by placing new elements (blocks) above or below existing ones.

<Tasks>

<Task>

> ### Locate the Target Block

Reviewer: We've been using a sentence case for headings in other parts of the docs. I recommend changing all headings on this page to match.

Before adding new elements, identify the target block where the new content will be inserted.

```javascript
const productDetailsWrapper = document.querySelector('.product-details-wrapper');
```
</Task>

<Task>
### Create the New Element

Create the new block or element dynamically using JavaScript.

```javascript
const notificationBar = document.createElement('div');
notificationBar.classList.add('notification-bar', 'notification-bar__hidden');
notificationBar.tabIndex = -1;
```
</Task>

<Task>
### Insert the Element Above or Below

> Create the new block or element dynamically using JavaScript.

Reviewer: This looks like a copy/paste error from line 33. Is it intended to be here?
